Hey, I'm here.
Skin like teeth
Thin as Soft
Lead as requested
Knee pads
Don't laugh, don't sigh when you're beautiful
I didn't expect this stupid king to have some literary talent
What are you doing
Queen, today is the wedding night
What do you think I'm going to do?
The concubine is still there
It just so happens that the big shell sleeps together
Come to a pterosaur play double concubines
Your Majesty, beware of the cover
Snub you darling
Jianruoxuecheng
Demon like constraint
Red lips and white teeth
Simple outsider
She's a beauty.
Pizza, this stupid king must be a poem beyond others
You stand up, concubine
Why don't you watch me and the queen's
Rooming practice
Hello, study it and come back to serve me later.
Haojun is so shameless
Haojun is really confused in the wilderness
I am here
The more you struggle, the more excited I am.
Let you experience it today
It's a fluttering feeling
Your Majesty, let the concubine go out first
I will serve you well.
The queen is still shy
Aifei, go back first
We start fighting again
Wow, die, Kun Jun
Isn't that right?
Why kill on a happy day?
You are making the petty man have a clear ambition
People can't make ends meet.
The people of the world can't wait
Bullshit
Is your meat
The firm villain is your adoptive father Li Si, right?
Why are you going to kill him?
Your private master guard
I can't get close to him.
You have a grudge against him
Father's revenge
So he sent you to the palace to assassinate me
Killing you was my own idea
Then why did he send you here?
He asked me to give birth to a son for you
So calculating.
Give me a son
Then I'll kill myself
Then be the emperor
How do you know?
You guess
What are you doing?
Of course, to help you complete the task and have a son
Let go of me
You're scolding this fool
I don't like it.
Isn't it the name of I'm sorry, Junjun?
You give birth to a son for your foolish marriage wife
I would rather die
This emperor is really not a good thing
It's so hateful
You have a lot of backbone
Would rather die than have children with me
Just tomorrow our country envoy will come to me
Let me show you this fool
What is slave madness?
Let you willingly give birth to my child